//TERMOS DE USO:
Terms of Use
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to all Starter, Bronze, Silver, and Gold users of the Jotform form-building platform (the “Platform”), and to all parties who visit the Jotform website (“Website”) at www.jotform.com. As used in these Terms, “You” and “you” includes all such parties, whether they are acting on their own behalf, or  on behalf of or as part of a company or other entity.

By visiting the Website or using the Platform, you are representing and affirming that you have read, understand, and agreed that you are bound by these Terms, and of legal age to accept and agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you are not permitted to use the Jotform Platform.

The terms “we”, “us” and “our” used below refer to Jotform.

If you are an enterprise user or you obtained a subscription or right to use the Platform from a third party authorized to do so by Jotform, these terms do not apply to you.

1. Who May Use the Platform / Subscriptions
Except for our free Starter version of the Jotform Platform, your right to use the Platform depends on you timely paying the required fees. Bronze, Silver and Gold users obtain a subscription to use the Platform once they pay; free/Starter users obtain no subscription but may still use the Platform. All users must comply with these terms.

You agree to use the Platform only as permitted in these Terms. 

2. Use Restrictions
You accept and assume sole responsibility for your use of the Platform.

You may not share your log-in info/credentials or otherwise allow anyone else to use them to access the Platform.

You agree that you will always comply with all applicable laws in connection with your use of the Platform. This means not violating any applicable law, legal right or protection, including but not limited to third parties’ privacy rights and intellectual property rights.

The Platform may NOT be used for, or in connection with any of the following, any or all of which may result in your account being temporarily suspended or permanently terminated, at our sole discretion:

Email solicitation, Mass Emailing, Spamming, Phishing, and the like
Violating anyone’s privacy rights
Financial/monetary fraud or schemes
Computer fraud or other computer crimes
Defamation, discrimination, or harassment
Funding, encouraging, or facilitating any criminal or other illegal activities
Promoting, encouraging, or requesting any form of violence or harm to anyone
Collecting credit card information or third parties’ log-in credentials for other sites or platforms
Collecting highly sensitive personal information such as social security numbers, national ID cards or numbers, and the like, without what we deem to be a valid reason for doing so
Selling, renting, leasing, or otherwise disclosing or providing personal information collected in your forms to third parties
Forms that include fields for the submitter to provide the personal information of any third party where the submitter does not have the permission of the third party to provide such information
Promoting your or other third-party product(s) or service(s) on our platform or website
Promoting products or services on social media platforms or other websites where such actions violate the terms of use or community guidelines of such platforms or websites 
Money-making or other schemes involving legal, medical, or other professional services
Including a third party’s copyrighted or trademarked content or trade secrets in your form(s) without that party’s permission
Encouraging violence, bullying, or harm to others
Gathering, collecting, or asking for or suggesting that form submitters provide pornographic or sexually explicit content, or promoting or encouraging prostitution or other activities involving the exchange of sexual services as part of any transaction
Any other activity prohibited under these Terms or under applicable law
You agree that we have the absolute and unconditional right to remove any form that we in our sole discretion believe is being used or may be used in connection with any of the above prohibited purposes or activities, whether such use is by you or others such as form submitters who may use your forms. In cases where we remove a form, we may at our sole discretion also disable your access to any past or future submissions to such forms.

You and your agents hereby forever release Jotform from any and all responsibility for any and all wrongs and violations of our terms or of the law committed by you relating to your use of the Platform.

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, reverse engineer, copy, sell, resell, or exploit for any commercial purposes the Platform or any portion thereof or the offer or sell the right to use the Platform.

You agree that, if in our sole discretion we determine that your forms are collecting or intend to collect highly sensitive information, we may disable the forms and ask you for information of whatever nature we deem appropriate in order to determine whether you appear to have a valid reason for collecting such information, and that if we are not satisfied after that review that you do have a valid reason, the forms will remain disabled.

3. Forms and Submissions
You accept and have sole responsibility for the forms, tables, submission pages, and other content that you create or that is generated as you use the Platform. When you make such content “public”, or set your account settings to allow the content to become public, or you don’t change a default setting that would allow a form, a table or other content that is generated as you use the Platform to be made public, you acknowledge and agree that the content will in fact be available to the public on our websites. By allowing such content to become public, you grant Jotform a worldwide and fully sublicensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform, and publicly display such content on our websites. Of course, you may choose to apply settings to your account to make or keep forms private. 

You agree that you will not assert any copyright claim or other intellectual property claims or rights in forms you build or create using the Platform against Jotform, and that you waive any such legal claims against Jotform relating to such forms. This includes whole forms and parts of such forms. You acknowledge and agree that Jotform may display your forms on our websites and platforms, and that we may use your forms for the purposes of improving the form builder, for learning about how you and other people use, build, and create and submit forms, for teaching our staff, systems, and products about such matters, and for other purposes.

4. Account Creation & Security
You must provide a valid email address and any other information requested in order to fully complete the signup process and create a login. You may only create a separate login for as many Users as your current Jotform plan allows. The sharing of your Jotform Account login credentials is strictly prohibited. You are responsible for maintaining the security of each User’s account, username and password and for ensuring that each User associated with your Jotform Account complies with these Terms. You may not access the Jotform Platform through automated methods, such as using bots or computer code to call or ping the Platform or our website. If you require a multi-user plan, please contact Jotform Enterprise for assistance.

5. Payments, Renewals, etc
A. Payments. We charge sales taxes on subscriptions where we are required to do so under applicable law. No other taxes will be charged. You are responsible for payment of any and all taxes, levies, and duties, including any sale or value-added taxes and similar taxes and duties, that may be imposed on you by any governing authority in any jurisdiction in connection with your subscription.

Jotform offers payments through third-party payment processors. By making payments to us for Jotform services, you indicate that you have reviewed these Terms and the privacy policy of the payment processor that processes your payment to us.

If you use a credit card to pay for your Jotform subscription, you represent and warrant that the credit card information you provide is correct and that you will promptly notify us of any changes to such credit card information. You agree that if your credit card payment cannot be processed for any reason, Jotform may suspend or cancel your Jotform subscription.

B. Automatic Renewal. For subscriptions, you will be billed in advance on a recurring, periodic basis. Your Jotform subscription will automatically renew at the end of each billing cycle until you cancel your subscription or you downgrade to a free/Starter plan – see this page and the Billing section in your Account Settings. You may also send us a request to downgrade to the Starter plan here. Turning off auto-renew prevents your payment method from being charged at your next billing date, or if you pay by invoice, prevents your next invoice from being issued.

C. Upgrades/Downgrades. Upgrading your plan, such as going from a free Starter plan to a Bronze plan, or from Bronze to Silver or Silver to Gold, will add or increase things like the included/allowed number of included forms, submissions, available space, storage, etc. Downgrading your plan will, as of your next billing date, result in a decrease of some or all of those elements and may cause you to lose forms and submissions. You can delete your account entirely by clicking “Delete My Account” on your Account Settings page.

D. 30 Day Money Back Policy. If for any reason you cancel your account within 30 days of your payment made directly to Jotform, you may request and receive a refund by submitting a request to the Jotform Support Team. Refunds for reasons other than account cancellation within the 30 days are at Jotform’s sole discretion. Refunds are not available for fees/charges for add-ons such as AI agent phone numbers and the like. If you purchased your Jotform subscription through the Google Play app or website, see this page for how to submit your refund request to Google.

Subscriptions purchased via the Apple App Store are subject to the Apple App Store refund policies – Jotform cannot refund payment(s) you made to Apple. To request a refund, please review Apple’s refund process: https://support.apple.com/HT204084.

6. Use of Data
You accept and agree that you have sole responsibility for the information, data, and content (collectively “Data”) you receive or collect from or in the forms that you create or use in connection with the Platform, and for what you do with that Data. You agree that Jotform is not responsible for and does not own any of that Data.

You hereby authorize us to access, use and display Data for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide the Platform to you, customer support to you, to protect the Data, to protect our online and computer resources from unlawful cyberattacks, and to fulfill our legal obligations. 

See our privacy policy for more info on how we gather, use, and disclose personal and private information to which we are given access in connection with our provision and operation of the Platform – including your personal information. We will not modify Data or your personal info, or sell or rent it to any other party.

If you collect personal data in or from the EU or EU residents, you must use the EU Safe Forms feature of Jotform Platform.

7. AI
These Terms of Use include and incorporate the AI Terms of Use here. Do not use any AI or AI functionality on our Platform or websites unless you agree to those terms.

8. Term and Termination
You are permitted to use the Platform for the period of time for which you have paid us the required fees to use the Platform. You agree that we may immediately and permanently shut off your access to the Platform if you materially breach any provision of this Agreement.

9. No Warranties
THE SERVICES AND AI FUNCTIONALITY (SEE SECTION 7 FOR THE LINK TO THE AI TERMS) ARE PROVIDED AS-IS. JOTFORM DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Jotform is not liable for any loss or damage from your (or your Users’) failure to comply with these Terms. You are solely responsible for all Data posted to your account, for all AI Input and AI Functionality you create (again, see the AI terms) , and for Data you collect from form submissions, whether or not you personally posted, gathered, or received the Data.

Jotform makes no warranties, representations, or assurances as to the actual qualifications of, or as to the work or advice of, any individual who (a) has obtained a certificate from Jotform Academy, or (b) claims to be able to help you with AI Functionality or any other aspect of our Platform. If you choose to utilize or rely on any such person or entity, you do so at your own risk.

10. Indemnification
You agree that you will defend Jotform against claims, including but not limited to lawsuits, brought by third parties against Jotform arising out of your forms or your use of the Platform or your use, collection, or disclosure of Data, or your use of any AI Functionality or any Input or Output related thereto (see the link to the AI terms of use in Section 7 above); this includes but is not limited to claims that arise from your violation of these Terms or of the law or of another person or entity’s legal rights or privacy rights or intellectual property rights such as copyright, trademark, or patent rights. You also agree to indemnify Jotform against damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs) awarded  by a court or other tribunal in favor of the claimant or in settlement of the claim. We will defend and indemnify you against third party lawsuits arising out of Jotform’s violation of applicable law, and we reserve the right to settle such claims out of court, at our expense, without your approval.

11. Limitation of Liability  
EXCEPT AS IMPERMISSIBLE UNDER LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL JOTFORM’S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING WHEN THE CLAIM AROSE.

JOTFORM ACCEPTS NO LIABILITY FOR THE ACTIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY YOU ENGAGE OR WORK WITH TO ASSIST OR HELP YOU WITH YOUR USE OF OUR PLATFORM OR FORMS.

“JOTFORM” AS USED IN THIS SECTION 11 REFERS TO JOTFORM AND ALL OF ITS RELATED AND AFFILIATED JOTFORM COMPANIES.

12. Limitation on Types of Damages
EXCEPT IF AND TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY OR ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF DAMAGES, WHETHER ARISING AT COMMON LAW OR BY STATUTE: DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST TIME, LOST BUSINESS, OR LOST REVENUES, REIMBURSEMENT OF MONIES PAID BY YOU TO THIRD PARTIES TO HELP YOU USE OR LEARN TO USE THE PLATFORM OR TO DEAL WITH REAL OR PERCEIVED ISSUES WITH THE PLATFORM, OR ANY FUNCTIONALITY PROVIDED IN OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM, FOR ANY FORM OF COPYRIGHT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR ANY FUNCTIONALITY PROVIDED IN OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM SUCH USE, EVEN IF YOU HAVE ADVISED US OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.

THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 12 SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY ON WHICH CLAIMS ARE BROUGHT.

13. Other Provisions
A. Modifications To the Platform. Jotform reserves the right to modify the Platform and any functionality provided in or through the Platform, and to stop offering such things for your use, with or without notice to you. We always endeavor to improve our products and services, but we do not warrant or guarantee that any of them or any particular features or functionality will always be available during the term of your subscription. Jotform shall not be liable to you or any third party for any such modifications or changes.

B. Email Delivery of Submissions. When a third party submits one of Your forms, by default we will send you an email notification to the email address we have on file for you. Due to issues with the internet and your connection to it and the like, we cannot guarantee your actual receipt of such notifications. We recommend installing Jotform mobile apps for iPhone, Apple Watch, or Android, and checking your account daily to make sure You do not miss any such notifications.

C. Additional Warranty Disclaimer. Jotform makes no warranty that the Platform or any aspect thereof, or anything you create or use in connection therewith, will be available 100% of the time or that they will be error free. You are solely responsible for any issues, problems, or damage you experience because of a mistake or error you make in connection with using the Platform and any aspect thereof.

D. Other Email Communications. By giving your email address to Jotform, you agree to receive occasional administrative, announcements, newsletters, sales, and marketing emails from Jotform. You can opt out from these emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the end of the emails.

E. Trademarks / Use of Jotform Links. You may not use or display the Jotform trademark or logo without our written permission. If you include a link to a Jotform website in your form(s): (a) the link(s) must not suggest or otherwise create the false appearance that Jotform is affiliated with any person, entity, or product, or suggest that Jotform otherwise endorses, sponsors or is affiliated with any such thing; (b) the appearance, position and other aspects of any Jotform links may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with the Jotform name and trademarks; (c) all links to our websites must “point” to the URL “www.jotform.com” and not to other pages within the Website; and (d) all links to the our websites, when clicked on from your form(s), must not display the website within a “frame” on the linking website, or any other website.

F. Assignment. You may not assign any or all of your rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Jotform. If we do give our consent, you agree to ensure that the assignee agrees in writing to the terms of this Agreement. 

G. Relationship of the parties; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The parties hereto are independent entities. Nothing in this Agreement or any attachment hereto creates or will create any partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, or employment relationship between the parties. There are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement other than as explicitly set forth in the AI Terms (see Section 7 above).

H. Choice of Law. Subject to Section 13R below, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law provisions, and of the United States if the issue is federal in nature. The parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to this Agreement. 

I. Disputes / Arbitration. The parties agree that all disputes between them shall be finally resolved by binding arbitration before a single neutral arbitrator under the auspices of JAMS (www.jamsadr.com), in San Francisco, CA, or at another JAMS office location if ordered by JAMS or a court of competent jurisdiction; or under the auspices of the ICC (International Court of Arbitration) if the arbitration is filed outside the US in a country in which ICC has offices. Each party shall be entitled to take one deposition of the other party, conducted on a single day, lasting no more than eight hours. Each party shall be entitled to propound one set of document demands to the other party, consisting of no more than ten categories of documents, with no sub-parts. No other forms of discovery shall be allowed. The arbitrator shall give a written opinion stating the factual basis and legal reasoning for their decision. An arbitration award shall be enforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction. The parties agree that neither of them shall make a claim or demand in any arbitration between them for (a) any form of injunctive relief or for the defense or indemnification or holding harmless of a party, or (b) any amount or type of damages that would conflict with Sections 11 or 12 of these Terms, nor shall the arbitrator have the authority to award any such damages. In the event that a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction determines or rules that the dispute shall be decided in court rather than through arbitration, and for all non-arbitrable disputes, THE PARTIES HEREBY VOLUNTARILY WAIVE A TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS, CAUSES OF ACTION, AND DEFENSES. 

J. Limitations Period. The parties agree that no claim shall be initiated or filed against the other party more than one year after the cause of action arises. 

K. Manner of Giving Notice. Notices regarding this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to us to legal@jotform.com. 

L. Force Majeure. Jotform shall not be liable to you for any delay or failure to perform hereunder (excluding payment obligations which may be delayed but not excused) due to circumstances our party’s reasonable control, including acts of God, acts of government, pandemic, flood, fire, earthquakes, civil unrest, acts of terror, labor strikes, service disruptions involving hardware, software or power systems not within such party’s reasonable control, and denial of service attacks.

M. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Attachments hereto, represents the entire agreement of the parties concerning the subject matter thereof and is intended to be the final expression of their parties’ agreement and intent. This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, proposals, and representations, whether written or oral. The parties agree that any terms or conditions stated or referenced in or on a document or documents other than this Agreement that contradict this Agreement are null and void. No amendment, addendum, or other document the intent of which is to add to or otherwise modify the Agreement, or waiver of any provision of the Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing and signed by both parties. 

N. Severability; Construing; Counterparts. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, such provision shall be modified by the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions shall remain in effect. The parties expressly agree that this Agreement shall not be construed against either party as the drafter. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts.  

O. Effect of Termination. Upon the expiration of your subscription, or termination of this Agreement for any reason, you agree to cease all access to and use of the Jotform Platform. Any termination will not affect your obligations to us under this Agreement (including, without limitation, payments, ownership, indemnification and limitation of liability) which are intended to survive such suspension or termination. We will be entitled to discontinue the hosting of your forms and Data, and to delete Data pursuant to our internal policies.

P. Modifications To Terms. Jotform may, in its sole and absolute discretion, modify these Terms from time to time. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to cease using the Jotform Platform. Continued use of the Jotform Platform following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

Q. Links. You acknowledge, understand, and agree that Jotform does not endorse or bear any responsibility for any third party’s website, product, or service that we mention or link to on our website or in connection with the Platform.

R. Contracting Entity / Court Jurisdiction. If you are located in any of the following countries or territories, (i) the contracting Jotform entity is Jotform Pty Ltd (Australia), located at Unit 15, 11-12 Underwood Road, Homebush, NSW 2140, Australia: Afghanistan, Australia, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, China, Hong Kong, China, Macao, China, Cook Islands, Fiji, India, Indonesia, Japan, Kiribati, Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Malaysia, Maldives, Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Mongolia, Myanmar, Nauru, Nepal, New Zealand, Pakistan, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Republic of Korea, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Timor Leste, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Vietnam, Johnston Island, Kingman Reef, Midway, Palmyra, Wake Island; and (ii) the laws of Australia apply to you.

If you are located in any of the following countries or territories, (i) the contracting Jotform entity is Jotform Canada Inc., located at 1600-925 West Georgia Street Vancouver, BC V6C 3L2, Canada: Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, Bolivia, Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba, Brazil, British Virgin Islands, Canada, Cayman Islands, Chile, Christmas Island, Cocos (Keeling) Islands, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Falkland Islands (Malvinas), French Guiana, Greenland, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Martinique, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Saint Martin, Sint Maarten, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Suriname, Tokelau; and (ii) the laws of Canada, and of the province in which you reside, apply to you.

If you are located in the United States or American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the US Virgin Islands, the contracting Jotform entity is Jotform Inc., located at 4 Embarcadero Center, Suite 780, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA, and the laws of California, United States, apply to you.

If you are located in any country or territory not listed above, the contracting Jotform entity is Jotform Ltd, located at 3 Albert Mews, Albert Road, London, N4 3RD, UK, company number 12668839, and the laws of the United Kingdom and Wales apply to you.

In these terms, references to “Jotform”, “we”, “us”, and “our” are references to the applicable Jotform contracting entity, as set forth above.

S. No Waiver / Headings / Survival of Terms. The failure of Jotform to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the intentions of Jotform and you as reflected in the provision, and that the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. 

Sections 2, 3, and 5-13 of these Terms shall survive and continue to apply notwithstanding a termination or expiration of your subscription or your access or use of the Platform.

T. Third Party Vendors. If, in your use of the Platform or any aspect thereof, you enable or use services or functionality from third parties not affiliated with Jotform, such as integrations or AI Functionality, you are giving your consent to the Platform and the third party provider performing all actions deemed necessary for the performance of service including but not exclusive to implementing vendor integration services into a live production environment without any additional authorization by you. Jotform makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any such products, services, functionality, or merchandise provided by Third Party Vendors.

U. Privacy / Tracking. By visiting the Website and/or using the Platform, you acknowledge that, as stated in our Privacy Policy at www.jotform.com/privacy, and in our Cookie Policy at www.jotform.com/cookie-policy/, we use tracking cookies and similar technologies to better understand visitor and user behavior, and you waive any and all claims against us arising out of our use of those technologies.

Questions
If you have any questions about this terms of use, please feel free to contact us. For enterprise inquiries, custom plans, or any specific needs beyond the standard offerings, please contact Jotform Enterprise.





//POLITICA DE PRIVACIDADE
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how Jotform handles your personal information and data, and applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Jotform Inc., Jotform Ltd, Jotform Pty Ltd, Jotform Canada Inc., and their affiliates (collectively, “Jotform”), except where otherwise noted. Jotform products, services and websites are collectively referred to as the “services” in this policy. Unless otherwise noted, all services are provided by Jotform Inc., which is based in the United States.

This privacy policy incorporates and should be read in conjunction with our AI Policy. You should read both policies before using our platform or submitting your personal info in any of our users’/customers’ forms.

In this policy, “you” refers to those who use and/or interact with any or all of our products, services, and websites, and “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to Jotform. “Customer”(s) refers specifically to those who use Jotform services. “Form Responders” refers to those who fill in and/or submit forms used by our Customers.  “AI Functionality Users” refers to those who interact with AI Functionality on our Platform and/or websites.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT
From Our Customers
Registration information. When you register for an account with us so you can create and/or use forms, we collect your username, password and email address.
Billing information. If you make a payment to Jotform Inc., we require that you provide your billing details, including name, address, email address and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment (e.g. a credit card number and expiration date or a bank account number). If you provide a billing address, we will regard that as the location of the account holder. Our integrations with third party payment gateways are for processing only. We don’t store or log any sensitive cardholder data provided by you or your form users. We follow industry-standard best practices to protect the security of cardholder data during processing and transmission. Jotform Inc. is certified as a PCI DSS Level 1 Compliant Service Provider, and we perform annual audits to ensure that our handling of your credit card information aligns with industry guidelines. Read more here.
Account settings. Our customers can set various preferences and personal details on pages, such as your account settings page. For example, your default language, timezone and communication preferences (e.g. opting in or out of receiving marketing emails from us).
Form data. We store our customers’ form data (form fields and input and data inputted in those fields), in some cases using third party server providers such as Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud.
Data you use to create forms is owned by you. We treat your forms as  private, unless you make them available to members of the public. We don’t sell or make forms you’ve created available to anyone, nor do we use the form responses you collect, for purposes unrelated to you or our services, except in a limited set of circumstances (e.g. if we are compelled by a subpoena or court order, or if you’ve given us permission to do so).
Jotform safeguards responders’ email addresses. To make it easier for you to invite people to complete your forms via email, you may upload lists of email addresses, in which case we act as a mere custodian of that data. We don’t sell these email addresses or make them available to others except as directed by you and in accordance with this policy. The same is true for any email addresses collected through your forms.
Jotform holds your data securely. Read our Security Statement for more information. This includes any personal information you provide to us, including but not limited to where a customer voluntarily shares their phone number or other sms information with us so we may contact them.
Form data is stored on servers located in the United States. Our customers have the option to store their data in the EU. See https://www.jotform.com/security/ for more information.
From Visitors to Our Websites
Usage data. We collect usage data when you interact with our services. This may include which web pages you visit, what you click on, when you performed those actions, and so on. Additionally, like most websites today, our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of each access, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system versions, and timestamps.
Device data. We collect data from the device and application you use to access our services, such as your IP address, operating system version, device type, system and performance information, and browser type. We may also infer your geographic location based on your IP address.
Referral data. If you arrive at a Jotform website from an external source (such as a link on another website or in an email), we record information about the source that referred you to us.
Information from third parties. We may collect your personal information or data from third parties, if you have given permission to those third parties to share your information.
Information from page tags. We use third party tracking services that employ cookies and page tags (also known as web beacons) to collect aggregated and anonymized data about visitors to our websites. This data includes usage and user statistics. Emails sent by Jotform or by users through our services may include page tags that allow the sender to collect information about who opened those emails and clicked on links in them. We do this to allow the email sender to measure the performance of their email messaging and to learn how to improve email deliverability and open rates.
See our Cookie Policy for more info
From Form Responders
When you fill in or complete a form used by one of our Customers, we collect information relating to you and your use of our services:

Form responses. We collect and store the form responses that you submit, in some cases using third party server providers like Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud, on behalf of our Customers. The form creator (Customer) is responsible for this data, and they manage it. A form may ask you to provide personal information or data. If you have any questions about a form which a Customer has sent to you or given you access to fill in, or about the data to be provided in the form, please contact the form creator directly, since Jotform is not responsible for the content of that form. The form creator may have their own privacy policy.
Are your form responses anonymous?
You will need to ask the form creator as it depends on how the individual, company or organization has chosen to configure the form(s). We provide information to form creators on how they can collect responses anonymously. However, even if a form creator has followed those steps, specific questions in the form may still ask you for your personal information or data that could be used to identify you.
HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
Customers
We treat unique form questions and responses as information that is private, unless a party other than Jotform has made that information public. We don’t use form data other than as described in this privacy policy without our Customers’ consent. We don’t sell Customers’ form data, nor do we make it available to third parties without the Customer’s permission.

We use information gathered from and provided by our Customers to do the following for our Customers:

Provide services and technical support, assist them with form design and creation, provide technical troubleshooting, manage our relationship with them, and to gather information on how they use our services.

Certain features of our services use the content of form questions and responses and Customer account information in additional ways. Feature descriptions will identify where this is the case. Customers can avoid the use of form data in this way by simply choosing not to use such features. For example, by using our form templates feature, to add questions to forms, you also permit us to aggregate the responses you receive to those questions with responses received by other form templates users who have used the same questions. We may then report statistics about the aggregated (and de-identified) data sent to you and other form creators.

We do not share our customers’ or users’ phone numbers or other personally-identifying mobile information or consents or opt-ins with third parties, affiliates, or partners, whether for marketing/promotional, or other purposes.

AI (Artificial Intelligence). We use AI (artificial intelligence) capabilities to help our users create and manage forms, to create AI “agents” that can assist the user in communicating with the user’s customers, form responders, or end users, such as through chat or simulated phone calls. Such agents are by definition not human. Our users can choose whether to create and use agents. See our AI policy for more information.

Third-Party Services and Apps. If you choose to link your Jotform account with a third party account, such as your Google or Facebook account, Jotform may use the information you allow us to collect from those third parties to provide you with additional features, services, and personalized content.

For your convenience, the services may provide links to third-party websites or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the practices employed by the owners or operators of any such websites or services. You use them at your own risk. Your use of and interactions with such websites and services are subject to the applicable third party’s rules and policies, not ours. We suggest you review the privacy policies of such parties before providing any personal information.

In order to provide you with useful options to use the services together with social media and other applications, we may give you the option to export information to, and collect information from, third party applications and websites, including platforms such as Google and Twitter and social networking sites such as Facebook. When exporting and collecting such information, you may be disclosing your information to the individuals or organizations responsible for operating and maintaining such third party applications and sites, and your information may be accessible by others visiting or using those applications or sites. We do not own or operate third party applications or websites that you connect with – you should review the privacy policies and statements of such websites to ensure you are comfortable with the ways in which they use the information you share with them.

We use your information, including certain form data, for the following limited purposes:

To monitor, maintain, and improve our services and features. We internally perform statistical and other analysis on information we collect, including usage data, device data, referral data, question and response data and information from page tags, to analyze and measure user behavior and trends, to understand how people use our services, and to monitor, troubleshoot and improve our services, including to help us evaluate and design new features. We may use your information internally in order to keep our services secure and operational, such as for troubleshooting and testing purposes, and for service improvement, marketing, research and development purposes.
To enforce our Terms of Use.
To prevent potentially illegal activities.
To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for activities such as, phishing, spam, and fraud.
To create new services, features or content. We may use your form data and form metadata (that is, data about the characteristics of a form) for our internal purposes to create and provide new services, features or content. Regarding form metadata, we may look at statistics like response rates, question and answer word counts, and the average number of questions in a form, and publish interesting observations about these for informational or marketing purposes. When we do this, neither individual form creators nor form responders will be identified or identifiable unless we have obtained their permission.

To facilitate account creation and the logon process. If you choose to link your Jotform account to a third party account, such as your Google or Facebook account, we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate the account creation and login process.

To contact you about your service or account. We will occasionally send you communications of a transactional nature (e.g. service-related announcements, billing-related matters, changes to our services or policies, a welcome email when you first register). You are prevented from opting out of this type of communication since it is required to provide our services to you.

To contact you for marketing purposes. We will send you promotional emails only if you have consented to us contacting you for this purpose. You may opt out of these communications at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in them, or changing the relevant setting on your My Account page.

Legal Process and Law Enforcement Requests for Information
As a service provider, Jotform is legally required to turn over user data in our possession when we receive valid legal process from government authorities with proper jurisdiction. We strive to balance the needs of law enforcement and other legal process with the privacy of our customers and third parties who submit their information to our customers on their forms. Accordingly, we carefully review each legal and law enforcement request for information, and where we do produce personal information, we endeavor to produce only that information which is actually required.

For parties in North America, disclosures are governed by U.S. law and the Federal Stored Communications Act (“SCA”), 18 U.S.C. §§ 2701-2712 . For parties outside the US, our disclosures are governed by the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. In general, we will turn over general information such as name, subscription inception date, information on form creation, email address, registration IP address, and, where we believe required, billing information. We require a valid subpoena, or a law enforcement request issued in connection with an official criminal investigation.

Form Responders and AI Functionality Users
Personal information a form responder includes in a form belongs to the responder, unless the responder has given rights in that information to the Customer who provided them with the form. Check with the Customer if you have questions about that. Form submission data is managed by the form creator (the Customer). Jotform treats that information as private unless the responder and/or Customer has made it publicly available. Please contact the form creator directly to understand how they use your form responses. Some form creators may provide you with a privacy policy or notice at the time you complete its form, and we encourage you to review that to understand how the form creator will handle your responses.

In some cases, artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities assist you in filling in and/or submitting forms to our users, and in communicating with our users via chat or simulated phone calls.. When you provide information, including personal information with AI assistance, as part of such interactions with forms or our users, our AI providers may have access to the information you provide during such interactions. See our AI policy for more information.

We do not sell personal information gathered from form responses. We won’t use any contact details collected in our customers’ forms to contact form responders.

See the section above for information on how we use data provided by our Customers or to which our Customers have given us access.

Website Visitors
See the section above regarding information related to visitors to our websites. We use that information, including but not limited to cookies, customer data, usage data, device data, referral data and information from page tags, to manage and improve our services, to serve and support our Customers, for research purposes, and for the other various purposes described in this privacy policy.

No Sale or Leasing of Your Information
We will not sell or lease your personal information to any third party. We may disclose aggregate demographic and statistical information with our business partners, but this information is not specific to the identification of you as an individual.

Children’s Privacy
Use of our websites is intended for adults at least eighteen (18) years of age. We do not knowingly collect personally-identifying information from children under the age of thirteen (13).

Generally
We may disclose information with third parties, for limited purposes, as follows:

Your information to our service providers. We use service providers who help us to provide you with our services. We give some personnel of these providers access to your information, but only to the extent necessary for them to perform their services for us. Our contracts with our service providers require them to maintain technical protections to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and data, to use it only for the provision of their services to us, and to handle it in accordance with this privacy policy. Examples of service providers include payment processors, hosting services, AI providers, email service providers, and web traffic analytics tools. See our AI policy for information relating to AI, AI providers, privacy considerations, and the like.
Your account details to your billing contact. If your account holder details are different from the billing contact listed for your account, we may disclose your identity and account details to the billing contact upon their request. We typically will attempt to notify you of such requests. By using our services and agreeing to this privacy policy, you consent to this disclosure.
Your email address to your organization. If the email address under which you’ve registered your account belongs to or is controlled by an organization, we may disclose that email address to that organization in order to help it understand who associated with that organization uses our services, and to assist the organization with its enterprise accounts.
Aggregated or de-identified (anonymized) information to third parties to improve or promote our services. We do this so that no individuals can reasonably be identified or linked to any part of the information we share with third parties to improve or promote our services.
The presence of a cookie to advertise our services. We may ask advertising networks and exchanges to display ads promoting our services on other websites. We  may ask such parties to deliver those ads based on the presence of a cookie or similar technology that was placed when you visited one of our websites, but in doing so we will not share any other personal information with the advertiser. Our advertising network partners may also use cookies and page tags or web beacons to collect certain non-personal information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you with targeted advertising based upon your interests.
Your information if required or permitted by law. We may disclose your information as required or permitted by law, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena, or other legal process served on us.
Your information if there’s a change in business ownership or structure. If ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes, or we undertake a corporate reorganization, including a merger, acquisition or consolidation or any other action or transfer between Jotform entities, you expressly consent to Jotform Inc. transferring your information to the new owner or successor entity so that we can continue providing our services.
Information you expressly consent to be shared. For example, Jotform Inc. may expressly request your permission to provide your contact details to third parties for various purposes, including to allow those third parties to contact you for marketing purposes. If you give your permission, you may later revoke your permission, but if you wish to stop receiving communications from a third party to which we provided your information with your permission, you will need to contact that third party directly.
If you’re a Customer, you are able to control who can take your form by changing your collector settings. For example, forms can be made completely public, and indexable by search engines. You can also choose to share your form responses instantly or at a public location.
Please note that, if you’re a form responder or Customer who has entrusted us with safeguarding the privacy of your personal information, we will not disclose or share it with third parties unless we have (a) given you notice, such as in this privacy policy, (b) obtained your express consent, such as through an opt-in checkbox, or (c) de-identified or aggregated the information so that individuals or other entities cannot reasonably be identified by it.

By using our services or visiting our websites, you consent to the above-described disclosures.

In some cases, the applications or user interfaces you encounter while on our sites are managed by third parties, who may require that you provide your personal information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third party services or applications. We recommend carefully reviewing the user terms and privacy statement of each third party service, website, and/or application prior to use.

HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
We generally retain your information for as long as you have an account with us, as necessary to otherwise to provide services to you, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our agreements and terms of use, and for as long as one or more of your forms remain publicly accessible on our website. If you close your account and make your forms publicly unavailable through your account dashboard, your personal info will be deleted after one month. If your account has not been closed but is inactive for one year, we will hold your personal data in encrypted form for one additional year, at which time we will delete it. We will delete personal info in response to valid data subject requests made under applicable privacy law such as under the GDPR. This paragraph constitutes our data retention policy as to your personal information.

REQUESTS TO DELETE, AMEND OR WITHDRAW CONSENT – NON-EEA, UK SWISS OR AUSTRALIAN RESIDENTS
You may be entitled to request that we delete or amend your personal information. You may also be entitled to withdraw your consent, when consent is the basis for processing your personal information. We apply the same procedures, limitations and exceptions established for European Economic Area (EEA), UK, Swiss and Australian residents in this privacy policy to all who make such requests to delete or amend personal information, or withdraw consent for processing personal information, regardless of geographic location. Please read the “Your Rights” paragraph under the “ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UK, SWISS AND AUSTRALIA RESIDENTS” below for details. If you are a resident of the EEA, UK, Switzerland or Australia, see below for more specific details on how that applies to you.

ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UK, SWISS AND AUSTRALIA RESIDENTS
Legal Basis for Use of Your Information
Personal information that we collect is processed under the following legal basis:

Our legitimate interests. This includes:

to enable us to provide our products and services and website use and access to you
for analytics, to gather metrics to better understand how users use the our websites, and to evaluate and improve our websites
to prevent fraud and other illegal activity
the legitimate interests of others (for example, to ensure the security of our website)
to comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other internal business administration purposes
if we collect demographic information from you (such as gender and ethnic origin) in order to carry out diversity monitoring and such information is not collected in an anonymous format, then we rely on our legitimate interest to do so.
Contractual obligations. For the performance of contractual obligations between you and Jotform, including the Jotform Terms of Use and/or in our separate written contract with you.

Consent. Where required by law, we may process your personal information in some cases for marketing purposes on the basis of your consent (which you may withdraw at any time after giving it, as described in this privacy policy).

See our GDPR page at https://www.jotform.com/gdpr-compliance/.

Australian Privacy Principles (APP) Privacy Policy
Scope
This policy relates to the requirements of the Australian Privacy Principles (APP) contained in the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (the Act). This policy applies to the collection of Australian residents’ personal information by customers of Jotform utilising our service provision in the Australian region. In  circumstances where it is construed as an APP Entity, Jotform complies with the APP and has implemented suitable controls and measures to ensure that personal information is collected, held and disclosed in a manner that is secure

Collection of Personal Information
Jotform does not actively collect personal information from Australian residents directly (solicited information). We may collect personal unsolicited information in the course of our service provision to our Australian customers. Our Australian customers use the Jotform platform and software as a service provision within their business operations to improve business practices. This may include the use of our forms and tables, and other services we offer, in the process of collecting personal information of end users. The types of personal information collected by our customers varies, and they should provide a detailed list in their own privacy policy.

Disclosure (Data Sharing)
Information that is collected by our customers may be disclosed to and stored on our servers (and backups) which are provided by Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and by Amazon Web Services (AWS). This may include overseas disclosures and Australian resident personal information may be transferred to cloud providers based in the United States of America. We work closely with our service providers to ensure a high standard of security is maintained to ensure that personal information is protected from unauthorized access. Our cloud service providers also have certifications including ISO27001 and SOC 2 which evidence high standards of information security management.

Individual Rights 
As an Australian resident you have rights under the Australian Privacy Act 1988. You have the right to access your personal information, and to have your personal information corrected if it is not accurate. We will respond to your request as soon as is practicable. Ordinarily a charge will not be required for this service, unless the request is excessive or requires significant resources. To exercise these rights, contact privacy@jotform.com.

Making a Complaint
As an Australian resident whose personal information we may have collected, you can make a complaint to us using the email address below, and we will deal with the issues you are reporting as swiftly as we can. If you are not satisfied with our response, you can make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) by emailing this address https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints 

Contact UsFor further information, or to make a request for access or correction of personal information, please contact us by email at privacy@jotform.com.

Transfer Impact Assessment
Please see our transfer impact assessment page for information that may assist you in assessing potential transfers of data to the United States from within the EU or UK.

Your Rights
Deletion of Personal Information
You may be entitled to request that we delete your personal information in certain specific circumstances. If you wish to exercise this right, please submit your request using this form. We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (but no longer than one calendar month from our receipt of your request unless we tell you that we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). We may require you to verify your identity before we respond to your request. Certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, including as provided for in this privacy policy.

Access, Update, Data Portability and Other Rights
You may also be entitled to access your information, update your personal information which is out of date or incorrect, restrict use of your personal information in certain specific circumstances, place a data portability request (applicable only when we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract, and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means), and ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process it on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest. Requests should be directed via this form.

We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (but no longer than one calendar month from our receipt of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). We may require you to verify your identity before we respond to any of your requests. Certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, including as provided for in this privacy policy.

Complaints
You also have the right to lodge a complaint before a supervisory data protection authority regarding our data processing. If you are in Europe, an up to date list of data protection authorities is available at https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en. If you are in the UK, the data protection authority is the UK Information Commissioner’s Office available at https://ico.org.uk/.

EU-U.S. and Swiss Data Privacy Frameworks (“DPF”)
Jotform complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Jotform has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Jotform has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Jotform commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS (www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.

See the “Information We Collect” section above for information on what personal data we collect, and the “How We Use and Disclose Your Information” section for information on how we use such data and to whom we may disclose it. Whatever personal data our user or customer (the data “controller”) collects via submissions to their forms on our platform is determined by the user or customer on the one hand and by the persons who fill in and submit their forms on the other hand.

See above for information on the choices you have concerning limiting the use and disclosure of your data, and your right to access your personal data. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC. We may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. See above. We may be liable for onward transfers to third parties if and to the extent determined by law. Complaints regarding our compliance with the DPF may be subject to binding arbitration before the American Arbitration Association in the US – see our terms of use. You may address any complaints directly to us using this form, free of charge, worldwide.

Representation for Data Subjects in the EU
We value your privacy and your rights as a data subject and have therefore appointed Prighter as our privacy representative and your point of contact.

Prighter gives you an easy way to exercise your privacy-related rights (e.g. requests to access or erase personal data). If you want to contact us via our representative Prighter or make use of your data subject rights, please visit: https://prighter.com/q/11830216921

BRAZIL USERS AND CUSTOMERS
In most cases where Jotform may receive personal data of and/or for our Brazilian customers, the customer is the Controller under the LGPD, rather than Jotform. For purposes where Jotform does in fact function as a Controller with respect to our customer, our Privacy Team is the designated Data Protection Officer, and may be contacted at privacy@jotform.com.

HOW TO CONTACT US REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you may contact us using this form.






//TERMOS IA
AI Terms of Use
These AI (artificial intelligence) Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to users and customers of the Jotform form-building platform and to all parties who visit Jotform forms, and web pages/websites (all of these collectively are referred to as the “Platform” in these Terms).

These Terms are binding and enforceable in all jurisdictions in which the AI Functionality (defined below) is being used and provided. These Terms should be read in conjunction (along) with our Privacy Policy here, and our AI Policy here. For our non-Enterprise customers, these terms are incorporated into our general Terms of Use here.

It’s important for you to read, understand, and agree to these Terms before you make use of any AI Functionality made available to you in or through our Platform. Don’t make any use of the AI Functionality if you don’t agree to these Terms. These Terms are our agreement/contract with you regarding AI and AI Functionality.

1. Definitions
In these Terms:

“AI Functionality” includes any and all artificial intelligence functionality, features, tools, products, and integrations made available in, on, or through the Jotform form-building platform or any Jotform website, link, or URL.

When we refer in these Terms to you “using” or that you “use” the AI Functionality, it means and includes using, creating, interacting with, and otherwise engaging with the AI Functionality.

“You” and “you” means you, our customer (including those on free/”Starter” accounts), whether you use the AI Functionality or the Platform on your own behalf as an individual or on behalf of or related to or in connection with your employment, membership, affiliation, or other connection to a company, organization, or other entity.

2. Agreement to these Terms by Using the AI Functionality
By using any or all of the AI Functionality, you are representing and affirming that you have read and understood and agree that you are bound by these Terms, and are of legal age to accept and agree to these Terms. If you use the AI Functionality in connection with or on behalf of your employer, or another company, entity, or organization, you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of that party and are representing that you have the authority to do so. These Terms form a binding contract between Jotform and you.

Do not use any of the AI Functionality if you don’t agree to these Terms.

3. Input and Output
Data and other content that you and/or your customers, users, and end users input, type in, or submit in connection with using the AI Functionality, such as AI agents, chat bots, AI telephone / phone interactions are referred to in these Terms as “Input”.

Content of any type, and data, that the AI Functionality presents to you or responds with or creates in connection with or as a result of your use or interaction with the AI Functionality are referred to in these Terms as “Output”.

You may use the Output for lawful purposes, subject to these Terms, but you are not permitted to sell, license, or redistribute the Output as your own product without our prior written consent.

You grant us a perpetual and unconditional and payment-free/royalty-free right and license to use your Input to provide the Platform and AI Functionality to you, and to improve the Platform and AI Functionality.

4. Acknowledgements / Grants of Rights / Specific Agreement Points
By using any of the AI Functionality, you understand, acknowledge and agree that:

AI and AI Functionality, including AI agents, are not human, even where they may seem human or it seems like you’re interacting with a human. In some cases, the AI / AI Functionality, and especially AI “agents” will have or be given a human name, and/or a photo of what is or seems to be a real human will also be used, but when you “talk” to or “chat” with or otherwise interact with such AI Functionality, it is actually artificial intelligence on the other end, not a real person;

If you use the voice cloning features of the AI Functionality, you must inform those who interact with your cloned voice, such as through a simulated phone call, that they are or will be interacting with a cloned voice. Likewise, if you engage in a simulated phone call through or as part of the the AI Functionality, you acknowledge and agree that the voice is simulated and/or cloned, and that you are are interacting with a real person;

We use third parties (“Providers”) to provide some or all of the AI Functionality that you may use or interact with; see our list of the Providers on our subprocessors page here;

We do not control or operate, nor have we created or designed, any add-on, extension, or other product, feature, application, or service that has been provided by a Provider of AI Functionality. We make no representation that such things will work properly, always be available, or that they will meet your needs or expectations.

You are solely responsible for AI agents and the like that you create in or through our Platform, whether for chat or simulated phone calls, or for any other use or purpose;

The Providers will process Input and Output, at one or more locations of their choosing, and such place(s) of processing may take place in a different location than where other data is stored or processed in connection with your subscription to and use the Jotform Platform generally; by using the AI Functionality, you consent and agree to this;

You hereby grant Jotform the unconditional right to allow Providers to access and process your Input and Data, at one or more locations of their choosing, in order to provide and support the AI Functionality that you use, and to help us provide and support your use of the AI Functionality;

If your Input includes personal data or other sensitive data, such data will be processed and possibly made available to or even accessed by Providers (but we will take reasonable measures to protect and secure such data on our end); 

Input is your responsibility – we are not liable or responsible for any issues or problems, technical or otherwise, that arise out of mistakes or errors you make regarding Input;

Due to the nature of AI, Output may be incorrect, misleading, incomplete, and confusing, and we are not responsible or liable for any such issues or problems that Output may cause you;

You should not rely on any Output that is or seems to be advice, guidance, or diagnosis, of any type, including but not limited to regarding medical issues, law or legal issues, financial matters, or relationships;

While Jotform will not use your Input to train our AI Functionality or any large language models, we make no representation as to whether our AI Providers will do so – they may in fact do so. For this reason, among other reasons, you should review, or have a lawyer review, each Provider’s privacy policy and other AI information and terms of use before using or relying on any AI Functionality, and definitely before providing any personal data as part of your Input. Our Providers’ privacy policies are on our subprocessors web page here; and

The Providers of the AI Functionality are third-party beneficiaries of the agreement as to these Terms with you.

5. Use Restrictions
You accept and assume sole responsibility for your use of the AI Functionality.

You accept and assume sole responsibility for any AI agents, chat bots, phone bots, and the like that you create on or in connection with our Platform, and for any issues or problems that third parties experience in connection with such things you have created.

You agree that you will always comply with all applicable laws in connection with your use of the AI Functionality. This means not violating any applicable law, legal right or protection, including but not limited to third parties’ privacy rights and intellectual property rights.

The AI Functionality may NOT be used for, or in connection with any of the following, any or all of which may result in your account being temporarily suspended or permanently terminated, at our sole discretion:

Impersonating any person or entity, or otherwise creating the false impression that others are interacting with anyone or anything other than artificial intelligence
Cloning another person’s voice without their permission
Any of the things listed under the heading of “Use Restrictions” in our general terms of use here
Any other activity prohibited under these Terms or under applicable law
You agree that we have the absolute and unconditional right to remove or disable any AI agents or other AI functionality you create on or through the Platform, if we believe in our sole discretion that you or what you have created violate any of these Terms.

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, reverse engineer, copy, sell, resell, or exploit for any commercial purposes any AI Functionality that we or our Providers have provided for your use.

6. Use of Input & Data
You accept and agree that you have sole responsibility for the information, data, and content (collectively “Data”) you receive or collect from third parties through (a) AI agents, chat bots, and like that you create in or through the Platform, and (b) forms you have created or used on the Platform using AI Functionality, and for what you do with that Data. You agree that Jotform is not responsible for and does not own any Data.

You hereby authorize us to access, use and display both Input and Data, and Output, for the purpose of and to the extent we deem necessary in our sole discretion to provide the Platform and the AI Functionality to you, to provide customer support to you, to protect and serve our other customers and users, to secure and protect our online and computer resources from intrusions and cyberattacks, and to fulfill our legal obligations and to exercise our legal rights.

We will not use your data to train our AI or language models. We will not store your data except for the purpose of providing you with access to our platform and to the AI Functionality.

See our privacy policy for more info on how we gather, use, and disclose personal and personal information to which we are given access in connection with our provision and operation of the Platform and the AI Functionality. We will never sell or rent your personal info to any other party.

If you use AI Functionality in connection with the collection of personal data in or from the EU or EU residents, you must use the EU Safe Forms feature of the Jotform Platform.

7. Term and Termination
You are permitted to use the AI Functionality for the period of time during which your subscription to use the Platform is active. You agree that we may immediately and permanently shut off your access to the Platform if you materially breach any provision of these Terms.

8. No Warranties
THE AI FUNCTIONALITY IS PROVIDED AS-IS. JOTFORM DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES REGARDING THE AI FUNCTIONALITY AND ANY FEATURE, ADD-ON, PART, OR ELEMENT THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

9. No Refunds
Refunds are not available for AI agent phone numbers or similar AI-related add-ons.

Questions
If you have any questions about these Terms, please feel free to conta





//COOKIES
Cookie Policy
At Cookie policy page (“We“, “us“, “our“), we strive to honor the privacy and security of any data we collect from visitors using our website, while we act as a personal data Controller under relevant data protection rules and regulations. Our website uses cookies, tracking pixels, local storage objects, and similar technologies (collectively, “cookies” unless otherwise noted) to understand your actions on our website and to distinguish you from other users of it. This helps us provide you with a good experience, improve our service, and to personalize ads and content to you while you use the website.

This cookie policy (“Cookie Policy”) describes the types of the cookies and similar technologies we use on the website and our purposes for using them.

If you have questions about this policy, please contact us using the contact form. For a more complete description and list of the cookies that we currently use on the website, please review our Cookie list. For more information about our privacy practices, please review our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or comments regarding this notice or data privacy, please contact us using the contact form.

Please read this policy carefully for details about why we use cookies and the information they collect from and about you.

1. Cookie Definitions
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your device, which is like computer memory. For purposes of this policy, please note that the word “cookie(s)” also refers to tracking pixels and similar technologies.

First and third-party cookies: whether a cookie is ‘first’ or ‘third’ party refers to the domain placing the cookie.

First-party cookies are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g. cookies placed by our website domain).
Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website, this would be a third-party cookie.
Persistent cookies: these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.

Session cookies: these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.

2. What Cookies Do We Use and Why?
Generally, the website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the website and also allows us to improve it. The cookies we may use on the website may be categorized as follows:

Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Some cookies may fulfill more than one of these purposes.

‘Necessary’ cookies let you move around the website and use essential features like secure areas. Without these cookies, we cannot provide the requested services.

We use these Necessary cookies to:

Identify you as being logged in to the website and to authenticate you
Make sure you connect to the right service on the website when we make any changes to the way it works
For security purposes
Make sure you connect to the right service on the website when we make any changes to the way it works
Remember settings you’ve applied such as layout, text size, preferences and colors
Remember if we’ve already asked you if you want to fill in a survey
Remember if you have engaged with a specific component or list on the website so that it won’t repeat
Show you when you’re logged in to the website
To provide and show embedded video content
If you prevent these cookies, we can’t guarantee how the website or the security on the website will perform during your visit.

Some of these cookies are managed for us by third parties

‘Statistics’ cookies collect information about how you use the website, e.g. which pages you visit, and if you experience any errors. These cookies are only used to help us improve how the website works, understand the interests of our users and measure the effectiveness of our advertising.

We use performance cookies to:

Carry out web analytics: Provide statistics on how the website is used
Perform affiliate tracking: Provide feedback to affiliated entities that one of our visitors also visited their site
Obtain data on the number of users of the website that have viewed a product or service
Help us improve the website by measuring any errors that occur
Test different designs for the website
Some of our performance cookies are managed for us by third parties.

‘Marketing’ cookies are used to track your visit to the website, as well other websites, apps and online services, including the pages you have visited and the links you have followed, which allows us to display targeted ads to you on the website.

We may use targeting cookies to:

Display targeted ads within the website.
To improve how we deliver personalized ads and content, and to measure the success of ad campaigns on the website.
3. When do we require your consent
All cookies require your consent. 

We request your consent before placing them on your device. You can give your consent by clicking on the appropriate button on the banner displayed to you. If you do not wish to give consent or wish to withdraw your consent to any cookies at any time, you will need to delete, and block or disable cookies via your browser settings; see below for more information on how to do this. Please note that disabling Necessary cookies will affect the functionality of the website, and may prevent you from being able to access certain features on the website.

4. How to Delete and Block our Cookies
You can make an informed choice about cookies when you first visit our website. Simply select the cookies you consent to use on the cookie banner, provided by CookieBot.

Changing your Cookie Settings. If you wish to change your cookie settings, you can visit the settings tab in My Account, scroll down to ‘cookie settings’ and adjust your preferences accordingly.

The browser settings for changing your cookies settings are usually found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your internet browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful. Otherwise you should use the ‘Help’ option in your internet browser for more details.

Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
More information. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org.

5. Cookie List
You can examine our Cookie list for more information.

6. Contact Us
For any questions feel free to contact us using the contact form.

